[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: I'm gonna explain the
pattern real quick because you guys have
been seeing this pattern, and
I've been vague about what is it doing.
It's not as simple as it looks, okay?
I know this looks like
just some simple syntax.
And I'm saying find the name and
find the age, and pull them out.
That's what we're doing.
It's actually a little
bit more complicated.
Whenever you see a brace on the left.
If I see a brace on the left it means
the thing on the right had better be
an object, or
I'm gonna get an error ,okay?
So yeah, like any time you try and
use this pattern if it's not an object,
we're in trouble, okay?
And I'll show you how
you can get into that.
And the object on the right must
have those properties that were say.
It's got to have, if I say to structure
a name an age out of this thing,
it better have a name and an age
otherwise we're gonna get an error, okay?
And this is called an irrefutable pattern.
Can anyone say whatever irrefutable means?
I can quote if someone gives
an irrefutable testimony that means.
>> Off Camera 1: It can't be refuted?
[LAUGH]
>> Aaron Frost: It's the opposite of being
able to refute.
>> Off Camera 1: [CROSSTALK]
>> Aaron Frost: It's completely qualified,
you can't argue with it at all.
It is what it is, it's irrefutable, okay?
And this pattern, when we write
it like this, is irrefutable.
So if we write like this and I say name.
It's gotta be there, or
we're gonna get an error.
Okay, and that's not very forgiving.
And everyone in this room's like dude,
JavaScript's way more forgiving them that.
Why isn't that being forgiving on this?
So let me show you a little bit.
So here's an example of
where it would freak, okay?
So if I tried to pull an address
out of this person, and
we can clearly see on line one,
there's no address.
We're gonna get an error on this one,
okay?
So it's gonna throw.
It's gonna say some sort of I was able to
find this proper that you're looking for.
The pattern didn't match,
not a good pattern.
I'm not sure where it will end officially,
but
you're gonna get an error
on the line of code, okay?
So how do we get past this now?
We need some sort of forgivable pattern,
right?
And so they implemented, and this is
what changed majorly, earlier this year.
It was set in stone, and
maybe it was towards the end of last year.
I was solid, the structuring was done, and
then they busted out this pattern stuff.
And I think it made it better.
But let me explain it to you guys so
that we can kinda rest assured
knowing everything's good.
So if I do that, you see what I did there?
See what's going on there?
I got a question mark before the address.
We're good again, okay?
Question mark means maybe, possibly,
not 100%, like try though.
If it is good, if it is not undefined.
Undefined is good, okay?
So this is what you are gonna do.
Everyone is like okay,
I'm gonna try this on the traceur-repl.
It doesn't work yet.
It doesn't work yet on the traceur-repl.
So just stay with me cuz
it doesn't work yet.
And I don't feel worse in Firefox either.
So, it forgives address from missing,
what are our agent name,
they're like what if they're missing.
What are we gonna do on those ones?
So are we gonna copy?
Are we're gonna give everyone
their own refutable property and
say this actually doesn't
even have to be a person.
You could pass me a book, and it doesn't
even have an age, a name, or an address.
It's just a thing with a page number and
that's it.
So we could make every
single thing refutable, or
you could make the whole
pattern irrefutable.
Yeah, reputable sorry.
Yeah.
>> Off Camera 2: Somebody is just kinda
saying why a question mark before variable
name, why not after?
And then,
results work in function signatures.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, the same question
is yes, the first question, why?
>> Multiple: [CROSSTALK]
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,
I mean, I think you're.
>> Aaron Frost: I might not be
the best guy to ask that question,
cuz I wasn't in the meetings.
But I'm sure someone at
some point said that.
I mean, I'm sure that whoever asked
this question wasn't the first person.
Someone asked that question before.
It was decided that it would be first for
a reason.
>> Off Camera 3: [INAUDIBLE] operator,
and it's also before.
>> Aaron Frost: Is it before [INAUDIBLE]
Maybe that's where they got it then.
Is the [INAUDIBLE]
operator a question mark?
>> Off Camera 3: Yeah.
>> Aaron Frost: Okay,
maybe that's where they
pulled it from then.
That's good to know.
Thanks for sharing that.
Any other questions?
Yeah.
>> Off Camera 4: What happens if the name
isn't found it, there's an error.
If you use name later as an undefined?
>> Aaron Frost: It's still defined.
>> Off Camera 4: Okay.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah definitely.
So, there's two kinds on undefined, right?
Well, depends on who you talk to.
You try and use the word undeclared, and
people are like, there's no such thing.
No, I mean there is.
If I try to reference a variable
that's never even been mentioned,
whether below or above, that actually
is like a runtime error, right.
But if I try and reference
something that's just not defined.
It doesn't have a value, it's declared but
it doesn't have a value,
that's just undefined, right?
And that may not throw an error.
Whereas an undeclared definitely
throws an error, right?
These will be treated as undefined,
they won't be treated as undeclared.
If you're using the refutability.
If you're using irrefutable,
it's like it's undeclared.
>> Off Camera 5: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Aaron Frost: It comes after.
I don't know why.
I'm sure that Douglas Crockford
tried to get it after then.
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Aaron Frost: He did a lot of things to
try and emulate a lot, just like
which everyone's opinions were shared,
and this is where it ended so.
This is what it is.
And because you can't break the internet,
I don't think it's gonna change.